tells crowd vice craze channel
Cards
look what I have to show them here
argentina cup 2011 games argentina
complete and I would show how
he already knows what 2015 is in chile
It's already there, by the way, already the south.
assures you the album arrived more in are
paulo né
but the site are already already selling already
My guarantee is here and it's going to be this.
here the next video here has some
Time is good, I'll see if I can
I can focus here
here the cup america's little figure is in
package had closed with you
good but here we go then first
angel shown cape america 2015
showed in the 2011 Copa America showed
something now that 50 years of panini 2011
here the shiny figurine is cool that
in 2011 it will be highlighted that here what
it is noteworthy that the Japan team right
Japan did not participate who participated
In his place was Costa Rica.
the tsunami problem there but finally I will
show the album now that people
It has cities and are the various right
buenos aires salta córdoba launching
when plata salvador of rui mendonça in
santa fe argentina is cool and the
players and colombia team
the name here has taken neymar in the cup
super show 10 that the crew of the
who could not participate in the
competition
cool we have the bolivia team
here and I found the mass and the
marcelo moreno brazil on show
We were not champions in this show show at
cesar vitor daniel alves luisão andré
santos marcelo thiago silva david luiz
réver alex lucas jucilei and sandro
goose ronaldinho robinho neymar and lucas
to the final and lost by a goal and
Paraguay
Nice show
the ecuador and venezuela team
I will show you how what about the
uruguay lugano diego godín cáceres
fucile pereira victorino scotti pereira
diego perez ramires rodrigues
from abreu bacana
we have here the doctor's team was also
invited to the competition
cool
paolo guerrero
with luis ramírez players who have passed
by Brazilian football, right?
too cool and what I think a lot
also legal in axxion action os craques
in action the best of each team
and here a figure of them in action some
are bright and others are not that the virus
It's from here it's brilliant Lugano is also
daniel alves let the goose show you here
closer in the taste of the master year was
mascherano de maría higuaín neymar
Robinho ronaldinho gaúcho bacana
the show and here the last one two figures
the cup is not
today only enjoy showing that
2011 Copa America album in the next
video I think I'm going to release tomorrow it's already
because I will not hold closed glass
america 2015
I hope you like Simoninha.
bye bye cards bye